Clarify where to find the Operations and Navigation settings (#261)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/customization-options/operations-navigation.md

- TOC
{:toc}

Bump.sh offers several methods for sorting your API operations to provide a smooth and coherent reading structure based on tags or operation names and URLs.

> This setting is available under the "Customize UI" settings tab of a doc or under the "Customize UI" settings tab of the doc's Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the “Customize UI” tab in your documentation settings, you can select a custom operations & navigation grouping mode between either “Automatic”, “By Path” or “By Tag”.
```

Reviewer: I suggest to use a similar wording as other customization doc pages (from https://docs.bump.sh/help/customization-options/color-logo-meta-images/ for example)
